feat(me): add support for SSO configuration (#494)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/me_identity_provider.html.markdown

  </IDPSSODescriptor>
</EntityDescriptor>
EOT

    disable_users = false

    requested_attributes {
      is_required = false
      name = "group"
      name_format = "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:basic"
      values = ["test"]
    }
    requested_attributes {
      is_required = false
      name = "email"
      name_format = "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:basic"
      values = ["test@example.org"]
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `group_attribute_name` - The name of the attribute containing the information of which group the connecting users belong to.
* `metadata` - The SAML xml metadata of the Identity Provider to federate to.
* `disable_users` - Whether account users should still be usable as a login method or not (optional, defaults to true).
* `requested_attributes` A SAML 2.0 requested attribute that should be added to SAML requests when using this provider (optional).
  * `is_required` Expresses that this RequestedAttribute is mandatory.
  * `name` Name of the SAML RequestedAttribute.
  * `name_format` NameFormat of the SAML RequestedAttribute.

>   * `values`  List of AttributeValues allowed for this RequestedAttribute

Reviewer: I'm not that familiar with SAML, but looking at `requested_attributes.values` documentation and associated example, I don't understand what I should put under `requested_attributes.values`.

Looking at a few configuration on our side, I never see this field populated in the API. So if we can't explain this field, I would be in favour of removing it from the example. And highlighting clearly in argument reference that it's optional and if you don't need it, skip it.

Author: I haven't tested it so I might be wrong, but from my understanding this allows to require that a specific SAML attribute is present in the assertion. 
So for example, you could require the AttributeName "email", and values would contain the list of emails that would be accepted as an AttributeValue, e.g. ["alice@example.org", "bob@example.org"]. Then only people who have the attribute "email" set to either "alice@example.org" or "bob@example.org" can login.

Author: I updated the doc, let me know if it's clearer

Reviewer: Yes. Thanks.

    <KeyDescriptor use="signing">
      <KeyInfo xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/09/xmldsig#">
        <X509Data>
          <X509Certificate>MIIFlTCCA32gAwIBAgIUP8WQwHQwrvTa00RU9JROZAJj9ccwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQAwWjELMAkGA1UEBhMCRlIxEzARBgNVBAgMClNvbWUtU3RhdGUxDDAKBgNVBAcMA1JCWDERMA8GA1UECgwIT1ZIY2xvdWQxFTATBgNVBAMMDG92aGNsb3VkLmNvbTAeFw0yMzExMDkxMDA2[...]xA8jU2w9VVRw2gkY8bdkvOb7c2OpXU6J3TYtaltG7foQiuXbRd37GWzzzEspxiAI9y8uIEJTsASaufsEdpR+a1sPy3rYJom/Li3dH9p9Ch+tp51pMYhSRGEiNu9g5918zMbrKvwkl6h/PQlTOlb65qUUoNKC5Baxhz3VkGxSKMUwS4Lj/WHvCGU5OteGFHglDgDm125FDakOYU1dnMm/P55yNhnSUH2sXngybxnw/w=</X509Certificate>
        </X509Data>
      </KeyInfo>
    </KeyDescriptor>
    <NameIDFormat>urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:nameid-format:persistent</NameIDFormat>
    <SingleSignOnService Binding="urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-POST" Location="https://ovhcloud.com/"></SingleSignOnService>
    <SingleSignOnService Binding="urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Redirect" Location="https://ovhcloud.com/"></SingleSignOnService>
  </IDPSSODescriptor>
</EntityDescriptor>
EOT

    # Local users will still be able to login if set to false.

>     # Administrator can always login regardless of this value.

Reviewer 2: Suggesting this:

```suggestion
    # Owner of the OVHcloud account can always login using the nichandle ID and the nichandle password, regardless of this value.
```

As we have users that have `ADMIN` role, and they won't be able to login if local users are disabled ;)

    disable_users = false

    # The assertion must contain the attribute "https://example.org/attributes/role"
    # with the allowed values being "user" or "administrator"
    requested_attributes {
      is_required = true
      name = "https://example.org/attributes/role"
      name_format = "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:uri"
      values = ["user", administrator]
    }
    # If the attribute "https://example.org/attributes/group" is available,
    # we want the IdP to provide it
    requested_attributes {
      is_required = false
      name = "https://example.org/attributes/group"
      name_format = "urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:uri"
      values = []
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `group_attribute_name` - The name of the attribute containing the information of which group the connecting users belong to.
* `metadata` - The SAML xml metadata of the Identity Provider to federate to.

> * `disable_users` - Whether local users should still be usable as a login method or not (optional, defaults to true). Administrator will always be able to login, regardless of this value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `disable_users` - Whether local users should still be usable as a login method or not (optional, defaults to true). Owner of the OVHcloud account can always login using the nichandle ID and the nichandle password, regardless of this value.
```

> * `requested_attributes` A SAML 2.0 requested attribute as defined in [SAML-ReqAttrExt-v1.0](http://docs.oasis-open.org/security/saml-protoc-req-attr-req/v1.0/cs01/saml-protoc-req-attr-req-v1.0-cs01.pdf). A RequestedAttribute object will indicate that the Identity Provider should add the described attribute to the SAML assertions that will be given to the Service Provider (OVH).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `requested_attributes` A SAML 2.0 requested attribute as defined in [SAML-ReqAttrExt-v1.0](http://docs.oasis-open.org/security/saml-protoc-req-attr-req/v1.0/cs01/saml-protoc-req-attr-req-v1.0-cs01.pdf). A RequestedAttribute object will indicate that the Identity Provider should add the described attribute to the SAML assertions that will be given to the Service Provider (OVHcloud).
```

  * `is_required` Expresses that this Attribute is mandatory. If the requested attribute is not present in the assertion, the user won't be allowed to log in.

>   * `name` Name of the SAML Attribute that is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `name` Name of the SAML Attribute that is requested.
```
They are not always required (cf line above)
